This form was approved by the Commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Health on January 30, 2008 and updated in Feb. 2024 	Feb. 2024
Instructions for Minnesota Standard Consent
Form to Release Health Information
Important: Please read all instructions and information before completing and signing the form.
An incomplete form might not be accepted. Please follow the directions carefully. If you have any questions about the release of
your health information or this form, please contact the organization you will list in section 3.
This standard form was developed by the Minnesota Department of Health as required by the Minnesota Health Records Act
of 2007, Minnesota Statutes, section 144.292, subdivision 8. The form must be accepted by a Minnesota provider as a legally
enforceable request under the Minnesota Health Records Act. If completed properly, this form must be accepted by the health
care organization(s), specific health care facility(ies), or specific professional(s) identified in section 3.
A fee may be charged for the release of the health information.
The following are instructions for each section. Please type or print as clearly and completely as possible.
1 Include your full and complete name. If you have a suffix
after your last name (Sr., Jr., III), please provide it in the “last
name” blank with your last name. If you used a previous
name(s), please include that information. If you know your
medical record or patient identification number, please
include that information. All these items are used to identify
your health information and to make certain that only your
information is sent.
2 If there are questions about how this form was filled out, this
section gives the organization that will provide the health
information permission to speak to the person listed in this
section. Completing this section is optional.
3 In this section, state who is sending your health information.
Please be as specific as possible. If you want to limit what
is sent, you can name a specific facility, for example Main
Street Clinic. Or name a specific professional, for example
chiropractor John Jones. Please use the specific lines.
Providing location information may help make your request
more clear. Please print “All my health care providers” in this
section if you want health information from all of your health
care providers to be released.
4 Indicate where you would like the requested health
information sent. It is best to provide a complete mailing
address as not everyone will fax health information. A place
has been provided to indicate a deadline for providing the
health information. Providing a date is optional.
5 5 Indicate what health information you want sent. If you want
to limit the health information that is sent to a particular
date(s) or year(s), indicate that on the line provided.
For your protection, it is recommended that you initial
instead of check the requested categories of health
information. This helps prevent others from changing your
form.
EXAMPLE: All health information
If you select all health information, this will include any
information about you related to mental health evaluation
and treatment, concerns about drug and/or alcohol use, HIV/
AIDS testing and treatment, sexually transmitted diseases and
genetic information.
Important: There are certain types of health information that
require special consent by law.
Chemical dependency program information comes from
a program or provider that specifically assesses and treats
alcohol or drug addictions and receives federal funding. This
type of health information is different from notes about a
conversation with your physician or therapist about alcohol
or drug use. To have this type of health information sent,
mark or initial on the line at the bottom of page 1.
Psychotherapy notes are kept by your psychiatrist,
psychologist or other mental health professional in a
separate filing system in their office and not with your
other health information. For the release of psychotherapy
notes, you must complete a separate form noting only that
category. You must also name the professional who will
release the psychotherapy notes in section 3.
6 Health information includes both written and oral
information. If you do not want to give permission for
persons in section 3 to talk with persons in section 4 about
your health information, you need to indicate that in this
section.
7 Please indicate the reason for releasing the health
information. If you indicate marketing, please contact
the organization in section 4 to determine if payment or
compensation is involved. If payment or compensation to the
organization is involved, indicate the amount.
8 This consent will expire one year from the date of your
signature, unless you indicate a different date or event.
Examples of an event are: “60 days after I leave the hospital,”
or “once the health information is sent.”
9 Please sign and date this form. If you are a legally authorized
representative of the patient, please sign, date and indicate
your relationship to the patient. You may be asked to provide
documents showing that you are the patient or the patient’s
legally authorized representative.

-- 1 of 3 --

This form was approved by the Commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Health on January 30, 2008 and updated in August 2015 	Feb. 2024
Minnesota Standard Consent Form to Release Health Information 	PAGE 1 OF 2
1. First name 	Middle name 	Last name
Patient Information
Patient date of birth 	Previous name(s)	MM DD 	YYYY
Home address
City 	State 	Zip code
Daytime phone 	Email address (optional)
Medical Record/patient ID number (optional)
2. Contact for information about how this form was filled out (optional)
First name
I give permission for the organization(s) listed in section 3 permission to talk to
Last name 	about how this form was completed.
This person can be reached at: Daytime phone 	Email address (optional)
3. I am requesting health information be released from at least one of the following:
Organization(s) name
Specific health care facility or location(s)
Specific health care professional’s name(s)
4. I am requesting that health information be sent to:
Organization(s) name
First name 	Last name	And/or person:
Mailing address
City 	State 	Zip code
Phone (optional) 	Fax (optional)
Information needed by (date) MM DD 	YYYY (optional)
5. Information to be released
IMPORTANT: indicate only the information that you are authorizing to be released.
Specific dates/years of treatment
All health information (see description in instructions for what is included)
OR to only release specific portions of your health information, indicate the categories to be released:
History/Physical
Laboratory report
Emergency room report
Surgical report
Medications
Other information or instructions
Mental health
Discharge summary
Progress notes
Care plan
Immunizations
HIV/AIDS testing
Radiology report
Radiology image(s)
Photographs, video, digital or other images
Billing records
The following information requires special consent by law. Even if you indicate all health information, you must
specifically request the following information in order for it to be released:
Chemical dependency program (see definition in instructions)
Psychotherapy notes (this consent cannot be combined with any other; see instructions)

-- 2 of 3 --

This form was approved by the Commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Health on January 30, 2008 and updated in Feb. 2024 	Feb. 2024
Minnesota Standard Consent Form to Release Health Information 	PAGE 2 OF 2
6. Health information includes written and oral information
By indicating any of the categories in section 5, you are giving permission for written information to be released and for a
person in section 3 to talk to a person in section 4 about your health information.
If you do not want to give your permission for a person in section 3 to talk to a person in section 4 about your health
information, indicate that here (check mark or initials)
7. Reasons for releasing information
Insurance application
Legal
Appeal denial of Social Security Disability income or benefits
Marketing purposes (payment or compensation involved?
Sale (payment or compensation to entity maintaining the information?
Other (please explain)
Patient’s request
Review patient’s current care
Treatment/continued care
Payment
NO 	YES, amount 	)
NO 	YES)
8. I understand that by signing this form, I am requesting that the health information specified in Section 5 be sent to the
third party named in section 4.
I may stop this consent at any time by writing to the organization(s), facility(ies) and/or professional(s) named in section 3.
If the organization, facility or professional named in section 3 has already released health information based on my
consent, my request to stop will not work for that health information.
I understand that when the health information specified in section 5 is sent to the third party named in section 4, the
information could be re-disclosed by the third party that receives it and may no longer be protected by federal or state
privacy laws.
I understand that if the organization named in section 4 is a health care provider they will not condition treatment,
payment, enrollment or eligibility for benefits on whether I sign the consent form.
If I choose not to sign this form and the organization named in section 4 is an insurance company, my failure to sign will
not impact my treatment; I may not be able to get new or different insurance; and/or I may not be able to get insurance
payment for my care.
This consent will end one year from the date the form is signed unless I indicate an earlier date or event here:
Date MM DD 	YYYY Or specific event
9. Patient’s signature 	Date MM DD 	YYYY
OR legally authorized representative’s signature 	Date MM DD 	YYYY
Representative’s relationship to patient (parent, guardian, etc.)
The Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (GINA) prohibits employers and other
entities covered by GINA Title II from requesting genetic information of any individual or
family member of the individual, except as specifically allowed by this law.

-- 3 of 3 --

