Noor Therapy Center
Employee Handbook

-- 1 of 19 --

Noor Therapy Center
Table of Contents
Section 1 - Introduction
1.1 Employee Handbook
1.2 Changes in Policy
1.3 Employment-At-Will
Section 2 - Employment Policies
2.1 Employee Classifications
2.2 Equal Employment Opportunity & Americans with Disabilities Act.
2.3 Confidentiality
2.4 Employment of Minors
2.5 Employment of Relatives
2.6 Introductory Period
2.7 Personnel Records and Employee References
2.8 Privacy
2.9 Immigration Law Compliance
2.10 Political Neutrality
2.11 Wage Disclosure Notice
Section 3 - Hours of Work and Payroll Practices
3.1 Pay Periods and Paydays
3.2 Overtime
3.3 Rest and Meal Periods
3.4 Time Cards
3.5 Payroll Deductions
3.6 Wage Garnishment
3.7 Direct Deposit
Section 4 - Standards of Conduct and Employee Performance
4.1 Anti- Harassment and Discrimination
4.2 Attendance
4.3 Discipline and Standards of Conduct
4.4 Dress Code
4.5 Safety
4.6 Substance Use and Abuse
4.7 Workplace Searches
4.8 Internet, Email and Computer Use Policy
4.9 Social Media Policy
4.10 Cell Phone Policy

-- 2 of 19 --

Section 5 - Employee Benefits and Services
5.1 Generally
5.2 Worker's Compensation
5.3 Social Security Benefits (FICA)
5.4 Unemployment Insurance
Section 6 - Employee Leaves of Absence and Time Off
6.1 Generally
6.2 Parental Leave
6.3 Family and Medical Leave
6.4 Workers' Compensation Leave
6.5 Jury Duty
Section 1
Introduction
1.1 Employee Handbook
This Employee Handbook ("Handbook") is designed to summarize certain personnel
policies and benefits of Noor Therapy Center, and to acquaint employees with many of
the rules concerning employment with the Company. This Handbook applies to all
employees, and compliance with the Company's policies is a condition of employment.
This Handbook supersedes all previous employment policies, written and oral, express
and implied. The Company reserves the right to modify, rescind, delete, or add to the
provisions of this Handbook from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion. This
Employee Handbook is not a binding contract between the Company and its employees,
nor is it intended to alter the at-will employment relationship between the Company and
its employees. The Company reserves the right to interpret the policies in this Handbook
and to deviate from them when, in its discretion, it determines it is appropriate.
1.2 Changes in Policy
Since our business is constantly changing, the Company expressly reserves the right to
revise, modify, delete, or add to any and all policies, procedures, work rules, or benefits
stated in this handbook or in any other document, except for the policy of at-will
employment as described below. No oral statements or representations can in any way
alter the provisions of this Handbook. Nothing in this employee handbook or in any other
document, including benefit plan descriptions, creates or is intended to create a promise
or representation of continued employment for any employee. Any changes to your
at-will employment status, described below, must be in writing and must be signed by the
Company.
If you are uncertain about any policy or procedure, please check with your manager or

-- 3 of 19 --

Human Resources.
1.3 Employment-At-Will
Employment with the Company is on an at-will basis, unless otherwise specified in a
written employment agreement. You are free to resign at any time, for any reason, with or
without notice. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude the employment relationship
at any time for any lawful reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice.
Nothing in this Handbook will limit the right of either party to terminate an at-will
employment. No section of this Handbook is meant to be construed, nor should be
construed, as establishing anything other than an employment-at-will relationship. This
Handbook does not limit management's discretion to make personnel decisions such as
reassignment, change of wages and benefits, demotion, etc. No person other than the
CEO, President, or CFO has the authority to enter into an agreement for employment
for any specified period of time or to make an agreement for employment other than
at-will terms. Only the CEO, President, or CFO of the Company has the authority to
make any
such agreement, which is only binding if it is in writing and signed by the President of the
Company.
Section 2
Employment Policies
2.1 Employee Classifications
The following terms are used to describe employees and their employment status:
Exempt Employees - Employees whose positions meet specific tests established
by the Federal Labor Standards Act ("FLSA") and Minnesota state law. In
general, exempt employees are those engaged in executive, managerial, high-level
administrative and professional jobs who are paid a fixed salary and perform
certain duties. In addition, certain commissioned sales employees and highly paid
computer professionals are exempt. Exempt employees are not subject to the
minimum wage and overtime laws.
Nonexempt Employees - Employees whose positions do not meet specific tests
established by the FLSA and Minnesota state law. All employees who are covered
by the federal or state minimum wage and overtime laws are considered
nonexempt. Employees working in nonexempt jobs are entitled to be paid at least
the minimum wage per hour and a premium for overtime.
Full-Time Employees - Employees who are not temporary employees,
independent contractors, or independent consultants and who are regularly
scheduled to work a schedule of 40 hours per work week.
Part-Time Employees - Employees who are not temporary employees,
independent contractors, or independent consultants and who are regularly
scheduled to work less than 40 hours per work week.

-- 4 of 19 --

Temporary Employees - Employees who are hired as interim replacements to
temporarily supplement the workforce or to assist in the completion of a specific
project. Employment assignments in this category are of limited duration and the
temporary employee can be let go before the end of the defined period. Short term
assignments generally are periods of three (3) months or less, however, such
assignments may be extended. All Temporary employees are at-will regardless of
the anticipated duration of the assignment (see Employment-at-Will Policy).
Temporary employees retain that status unless and until notified in writing of a
change.
Independent Contractor or Consultant - These individuals are not employees
of the Company and are self-employed. An independent contractor or consultant
is engaged to perform a task according to his/her own methods and is subject to
control and direction only as to the results to be accomplished. Independent
contractors or consultants are not entitled to benefits.
Each employee will be advised of his or her status at the time of hire and any change in
status. Regardless of the employee's status, the employee is employed at-will and the
employment relationship can be terminated by the Company or the employee at any time,
with or without cause and with or without notice.
2.2 Equal Employment Opportunity & Americans with Disabilities Act
It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all
employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race,
religion, creed, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity,
age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, marital status or any
other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. This policy
prohibits unlawful discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those
characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of
those characteristics. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not
limited to, hiring, job assignment, working conditions, compensation, promotion,
benefits, scheduling, training, discipline and termination.
The Company expects all employees to support our equal employment opportunity
policy, and to take all steps necessary to maintain a workplace free from unlawful
discrimination and harassment and to accommodate others in line with this policy to the
fullest extent required by law. For example, the Company will make reasonable
accommodations for employees' observance of religious holidays and practices unless the
accommodation would cause an undue hardship on the Company's operations. If you
desire a religious accommodation, you are required to make the request in writing to your
manager as far in advance as possible. You are expected to strive to find co-workers who
can assist in the accommodation (e.g. trade shifts) and cooperate with the Company in
seeking and evaluating alternatives.
Moreover, in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Company
provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities to the
fullest extent required by law. The Company may require medical certification of both the

-- 5 of 19 --

disability and the need for accommodation. Keep in mind that the Company can only seek
to accommodate the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified
individual. Therefore, it is your responsibility to come forward if you are in need of an
accommodation. The Company will engage in an interactive process with the employee to
identify possible accommodations, if any will help the applicant or employee perform the
job.
2.3 Confidentiality
In the course of employment with the Company, employees may have access to
"Confidential Information" regarding the Company, which may include its business
strategy, future plans, financial information, contracts, suppliers, customers, personnel
information or other information that the Company considers proprietary and
confidential. Maintaining the confidentiality of this information is vital to the Company's
competitive position in the industry and, ultimately, to its ability to achieve financial
success and stability. Employees must protect this information by safeguarding it when in
use, using it only for the business of the Company and disclosing it only when authorized
to do so and to those who have a legitimate business need to know about it. This duty of
confidentiality applies whether the employee is on or off the Company's premises, and
during and even after the end of the employee's employment with the Company. This
duty of confidentiality also applies to communications transmitted by the Company's
electronic communications. See also Internet, Email and Computer Use policy, herein.
2.4 Employment of Minors
The FLSA's child labor provisions, which the Company strictly adheres to, are designed
to protect the educational opportunities of youth and prohibit their employment in jobs
that are detrimental to their health and safety. Generally speaking, the FLSA sets the
minimum age for employment (14 years for non-agricultural jobs), restricts the hours
youth under the age of 16 may work, and prohibits youth under the age of 18 from being
employed in hazardous occupations. In addition, the FLSA establishes subminimum wage
standards for certain employees who are less than 20 years of age, full-time students,
student learners, apprentices, and workers with disabilities. Employers generally must
have authorization from the U.S. Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division (WHD)
in order to pay sub-minimum wage rates.
2.5 Employment of Relatives
The Company recognizes that the employment of relatives in certain circumstances, such
as when they will work in the same department, supervise or manage the other, or have
access to confidential or sensitive information regarding the other, can cause problems
related to supervision, safety, security or morale, or create conflicts of interest that
materially and substantially disrupt the Company's operations. When the Company
determines any of these problems will be present, it will decline to hire an individual to
work in the same department as a relative. Relatives subject to this policy include: father,
mother, sister, brother, current spouse or domestic partner, child (natural, foster, or
adopted), current mother-in- law, current father-in-law, grandparent, or grandchild.
If present employees become relatives during employment, the Company should be

-- 6 of 19 --

notified so that we may determine whether a problem involving supervision, safety,
security or morale, or a conflict of interest that would materially and substantially disrupt
the Company's operations exists. If the Company determines that such a problem exists,
the Company will take appropriate steps to resolve the problem, which may include
reassignment of one relative (if feasible) or asking for the resignation of one of the
relatives.
2.6 Introductory Period
The first 90 days of employment are considered an introductory period for all newly hired
employees. During this time, you will learn your new responsibilities, get acquainted with
fellow employees, and determine whether you are happy with the position. Also, during
this time, your manager will monitor your performance. Upon completion of the
introductory period, your manager will review your performance. If the Company finds
your performance satisfactory and decides to continue your employment, you will be
advised of any improvements expected. This is also an opportunity for you to make
suggestions to improve the Company's efficiency and operations. Completion of the
introductory period does not entitle you to remain employed by the Company for any
definite period of time, but instead allows both you and the Company to evaluate whether
or not you are right for the position. Your status as an at-will employee does not
change-the employment relationship may be terminated with or without cause and with or
without advance notice, at any time by you or the Company.
2.7 Personnel Records and Employee References
The Company maintains a personnel file and payroll records for each employee as
required by law. Personnel files and payroll records are the property of the Company and
may not be removed from Company premises without written authorization. Because
personnel files and payroll records are confidential, access to the records is restricted.
Generally, only those who have a legitimate reason to review information in an
employee's file are allowed to do so. Disclosure of personnel information to outside
sources will be limited. However, the Company will cooperate with requests from
authorized law enforcement or local, state, or federal agencies conducting official
investigations and as otherwise legally required.
Employees may contact a Human Resources representative to request a time to review
their payroll records and/or personnel file. With reasonable advance notice, an employee
may review his or her own records in the Company's offices during regular business
hours and in the presence of an individual appointed by the Company to maintain the
records. No copies of documents in your file may be made, with the exception of
documents that you have previously signed. You may add your comments to any disputed
item in the file.
By policy, the Company will provide only the former or present employee's dates of
employment and position(s) held with the Company. Compensation information may also
be verified if written authorization is provided by the employee.
2.8 Privacy

-- 7 of 19 --

The Company is respectful of employee privacy. All employee demographic and personal
information will be shared only as required in the normal course of business. Healthcare
enrollment information is kept in a separate folder from other human resources forms.
Workers' Compensation information is not considered private healthcare information;
however, this information will be released only on a need-to-know basis.
The Company does not make or receive any private healthcare information through the
course of normal work. If any employee voluntarily shares private healthcare information
with a member of management, this information will be kept confidential. If applicable,
the Company will set up guidelines for employees and management to follow to ensure
that company employees conform to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
2.9 Immigration Law Compliance
In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, each new
employee, as a condition of employment, must complete the Employment Eligibility
Verification Form I-9 on the date of hire and present documentation establishing identity
and employment eligibility within three business days of date of hire. Former employees
who are rehired must also complete an I-9 form if they have not completed an I-9 form
with the Company within the past three years, or if their previous I-9 form is no longer
retained or valid. You may raise questions or complaints about immigration law
compliance without fear of reprisal.
2.10 Political Neutrality
Maintenance of individual freedom and our political institutions necessitates broad scale
participation by citizens concerning the selection, nomination and election of our public
office holders. The Company will not discriminate against any employee because of
identification with and support of any lawful political activity. Company employees are
entitled to their own personal political position. The Company will not discriminate
against employees based on their lawful political activity engaged in outside of work. If
you are engaging in political activity, however, you should always make it clear that your
actions and opinions are your own and not necessarily those of the Company, and that
you are not representing the Company.
2.11 Wage Disclosure Notice
Under the Minnesota Wage Disclosure Protection law, you have the right to tell any
person the amount of your own wages. Your employer cannot retaliate against you for
disclosing your own wages. Your remedies under the Wage Disclosure Protection law are
to bring a civil action against your employer and/or file a complaint with the Minnesota
Department of Labor and Industry at (651) 284-5070 or 1-800-342-5354.
Section 3

-- 8 of 19 --

Hours of Work and Payroll Practices
3.1 Pay Periods and Paydays
Employees are paid on a bi-monthly basis. All employees will be paid every other Friday.
All employees are paid by check or direct deposit on the above-mentioned payday. If the
regular payday falls on a weekend or Company holiday, employees will be paid on the
last business day before the holiday and/or weekend.
3.2 Overtime
Nonexempt employees will be paid in accordance with federal and Minnesota state law.
All overtime work by non-exempt employees must be authorized in advance by their
manager. Only hours actually worked will be used to calculate overtime pay.
3.3 Rest and Meal Periods
All rest and meal periods will be in accordance with Minnesota state law. You are granted
paid breaks and meal periods, within reason. Speak to your supervisor/manager about
scheduling these.
3.4 Time Cards
Nonexempt employees are required to keep an accurate and complete record of their
attendance and hours worked. Time cards are official business records and may not be
altered without the employee's supervisor's approval and may not be falsified in any way.
3.5 Payroll Deductions
Various payroll deductions are made each payday to comply with federal and state laws
pertaining to taxes and insurance. Deductions will be made for the following: Federal and
State Income Tax Withholding, Social Security, Medicare, State Disability Insurance &
Family Temporary Disability Insurance, and other items designated by you or required by
law (including a valid court order). You can adjust your federal and state income tax
withholding by completing the proper federal or state form and submitting it to
Accounting or Human Resources. At the start of each calendar year, you will be supplied
with your Wage and Tax Statement (W-2) form for the prior year. This statement
summarizes your income and deductions for the year.
3.6 Wage Garnishment
A garnishment is a court order requiring an employer to remit part of an employee's
wages to a third party to satisfy a just debt. Once the Company receives the legal papers
ordering a garnishment, we are required by law to continue making deductions from
your check until we have withheld the full amount or until we receive legal papers from
the court to stop the garnishment. Even if you have already paid the debt, we still need
the legal papers to stop the garnishment.

-- 9 of 19 --

3.7 Direct Deposit
All employees are encouraged, but not required, to use direct deposit and have their
paychecks deposited into a bank account of an accredited participating bank or credit
union.
Section 4
Standards of Conduct and Employee Performance
4.1 Anti- Harassment and Discrimination
The Company is committed to providing a work environment free of sexual or any form
of unlawful harassment or discrimination. Harassment or unlawful discrimination against
individuals on the basis of race, religion, creed, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy,
sexual orientation, gender identity, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic
information, marital status or any other classification protected by local, state or federal
laws is illegal and prohibited by Company policy. Such conduct by or towards any
employee, contract worker, customer, vendor or anyone else who does business with the
Company will not be tolerated. Any employee or contract worker who violates this policy
will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of his or her
employment or engagement. To the extent a customer, vendor or other person with whom
the Company does business engages in unlawful harassment or discrimination, the
Company will take appropriate corrective action.
Prohibited Conduct:
Prohibited harassment or discrimination includes any verbal, physical or visual conduct
based on sex, race, age, national origin, disability or any other legally protected basis if:
a. submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or
condition of an individual's employment or engagement;
b. submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as a basis for
decisions concerning that individual's employment or engagement; or
c. it creates a hostile or offensive work environment.
Prohibited harassment includes (but is not limited to) unwelcome sexual advances,
requests for sexual favors and lewd, vulgar or obscene remarks, jokes, posters or
cartoons, and any unwelcome touching, pinching or other physical contact. Other forms
of unlawful harassment or discrimination may include racial epithets, slurs and
derogatory remarks, stereotypes, jokes, posters or cartoons based on race, national
origin, age, disability, marital status or other legally protected categories. Prohibited
harassment might also be transmitted using the Company's electronic communications
system, or through other on-line conduct.
Complaint Procedure:

-- 10 of 19 --

Employees or contract workers who feel that they have been harassed or discriminated
against, or who witness any harassment or discrimination by an employee, contract
worker, customer, vendor or anyone else who does business with the Company, should
immediately report such conduct to their supervisor or any other member of management.
Do not allow an inappropriate situation to continue by not reporting it, regardless of who
is creating the situation. No employee, contract worker, customer, vendor or other person
who does business with this organization is exempt from the prohibitions in this policy. In
response to every complaint, the Company will conduct an investigation which may
involve interviewing witnesses if warranted and, if improper conduct is found, take
appropriate corrective action.
To the extent that an employee or contract worker is not satisfied with the Company's
handling of a harassment or discrimination complaint, he or she may also contact the
appropriate state or federal enforcement agency for legal relief.
4.2 Attendance
Punctuality and regular attendance are essential to the successful operation of the
Company's business. If an employee is unable to report to work (or to report to work on
time) for any reason, the employee must notify his or her supervisor before his or her
starting time. If an employee desires to leave work for any reason during the workday, the
employee must obtain the approval of his or her supervisor prior to leaving. In the event
that the employee fails to call his or her supervisor or report for work for 7 consecutive
workdays, the employee will be deemed to have voluntarily resigned from his or her
employment with the Company and will be removed from the payroll. Excessive
absenteeism or tardiness may subject the employee to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination.
4.3 Discipline and Standards of Conduct
As an at-will employer, the Company may impose discipline whenever it determines it is
necessary or appropriate. Discipline may take various forms, including verbal counseling,
written warnings, suspension, demotion, transfer, reassignment or termination. The
discipline imposed will depend on the circumstances of each case; therefore, discipline
will not necessarily be imposed in any particular sequence. Moreover, at any time the
Company determines it is appropriate, an employee may be terminated immediately.
Every organization must have certain standards of conduct to guide the behavior of
employees. Although there is no possible way to identify every rule of conduct, the
following is an illustrative list (not intended to be comprehensive or to limit the
Company's right to impose discipline for any other conduct it deems inappropriate). Keep
in mind that these standards of conduct apply to all employees whenever they are on
Company property and/or conducting Company business (on or off Company property).
Engaging in any conduct the Company deems inappropriate may result in disciplinary
action, up to and including termination.

-- 11 of 19 --

a. Dishonesty;
b. Falsification of Company records;
c. Unauthorized use or possession of property that belongs to the Company, a
coworker, or of the public;
d. Possession or control of illegal drugs, weapons, explosives, or other dangerous or
unauthorized materials;
e. Fighting, engaging in threats of violence or violence, use of vulgar or abusive
language, horseplay, practical jokes or other disorderly conduct that may endanger others
or damage property;
f. Insubordination, failure to perform assigned duties or failure to comply with the
Company's health, safety or other rules;
g. Unauthorized or careless use of the Company's materials, equipment or property; h.
Unauthorized and/or excessive absenteeism or tardiness;
i. Lack of teamwork, poor communication, unsatisfactory performance,
unprofessional conduct, or conduct improper for the workplace;
j. Sexual or other illegal harassment or discrimination;
k. Unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company's confidential information; l.
Violation of any Company policy.
4.4 Dress Code
What we wear to work is a reflection of the pride we have in our Company, in what we
do, and in ourselves. Although dress code requirements will vary according to job
responsibilities, we ask that your appearance at all times show discretion, good taste,
and appropriateness for the safe performance of your job.
4.5 Safety
The Company is committed to providing a safe workplace. Accordingly, the Company
emphasizes "safety first." It is the employee's responsibility to take steps to promote
safety in the workplace and work in a safe manner. By remaining safety conscious,
employees can protect themselves and their coworkers. Employees are expected to
promptly report all unsafe working conditions, accidents and injuries, regardless of how
minor, so that any potential hazards can be corrected.
4.6 Substance Use and Abuse

-- 12 of 19 --

Please see the separate Alcohol and Drug Policy for the complete and detailed policy
related to substance use and abuse.
The Company is committed to providing its employees with a safe and productive
work environment. In keeping with this commitment, it maintains a strict policy
against the use of alcohol, cannabis, and the unlawful use of drugs in the workplace.
Consequently, no employee may consume or possess alcohol or cannabis, or use,
possess, sell, purchase or transfer illegal drugs at any time while on the Company's
premises or while using the Company vehicles or equipment, or at any location during
work time.
No employee may report to work with illegal drugs (or their metabolites) or alcohol or
cannabis in his or her bodily system. The only exception to this rule is that employees
may engage in moderate consumption of alcohol that may be served and/or consumed as
part of an authorized Company social or business event, but in which no patients will be
present and no health care services will be delivered following the event.
Any violation of this policy will result in disciplinary action, up to and including
termination. Any employee who feels he or she has developed an addiction to,
dependence upon, or problem with alcohol or drugs, legal or illegal, is strongly
encouraged to seek assistance before a violation of this policy occurs. Any
employee who requests time off to participate in a rehabilitation program will be
reasonably accommodated; however, employees may not avoid disciplinary action
by entering a rehabilitation program after a violation of this policy is discovered.
4.7 Workplace Searches
All offices, desks, file drawers, cabinets, lockers, Company vehicles, and other Company
equipment (including but not limited to computers, e-mail and voice mail) and facilities
or any area on Company premises are the property of the Company ("Company
Property"), and are intended for business use. Employees should have no expectation of
privacy with respect to Company property and/or items stored within Company Property
or on Company premises. Inspection may be conducted at any time, without notice, at the
discretion of the Company.
In addition, when the Company deems appropriate, employees may be required to submit
to searches of their personal vehicles, parcels, purses, handbags, backpacks, briefcases,
lunch boxes or any other possessions or articles brought on to the Company's premises.
Persons entering the premises who refuse to cooperate in an inspection conducted
pursuant to this policy may not be permitted to enter the premises. All employees must
cooperate in an inspection; failure to do so is insubordination and will result in
disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
4.8 Internet, Email and Computer Use Policy
The Company uses various forms of electronic communication including, but not limited
to: computers, email, telephones, voicemail, instant message, text message, Internet, cell
phones and smartphones (hereafter referred to as "electronic communications''). The

-- 13 of 19 --

electronic communications, including all software, databases, hardware, and digital files,
remain the sole property of the Company and are to be used only for Company business
and not for personal use.
The following rules apply to all forms of electronic communications and media that are:
(1) accessed on or from Company premises; (2) accessed using the Company computer or
telecommunications equipment, or via Company-paid access methods; and/or (3) used in
a manner which identifies the Company. The following list is not exhaustive and the
Company may implement additional rules from time to time.
a. Electronic communication and media may not be used in any manner that would be
discriminatory, harassing, or obscene, or for any other purpose that is illegal, against
Company policy, or not in the best interest of the Company. Employees who misuse
electronic communications and engage in defamation, copyright or trademark
infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets, discrimination, harassment, or related
actions will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination. Employees may not
install personal software on Company computer systems.
b. Employee's own electronic media may only be used during breaks. All other
company policies, including the Company's no tolerance for discrimination, harassment,
or retaliation in the workplace apply.
c. All electronic information created by any employee on Company premises or
transmitted to Company property using any means of electronic communication is the
property of the Company and remains the property of the Company. You should not
assume that any electronic communications are private or confidential and should
transmit personal sensitive information in other ways. Personal passwords may be used
for purposes of security, but the use of a personal password does not affect the
Company's ownership of the electronic information. The Company will override all
personal passwords if necessary for any reason.
d. The Company reserves the right to access and review electronic files, messages,
internet use, blogs, "tweets", instant messages, text messages, email, voice mail, and
other digital archives, and to monitor the use of electronic communications as necessary
to ensure that no misuse or violation of Company policy or any law occurs. All such
information may be used and/or disclosed to others, in accordance with business needs
and the law. The Company reserves the right to keep a record of all passwords and codes
used and/or may be able to override any such password system
e. Employees are not permitted to access the electronic communications of other
employees or third parties unless directed to do so by Company management. No
employee may install or use anonymous e-mail transmission programs or encryption of
e-mail communications.
f. Employees who use devices on which information may be received and/or stored,
including but not limited to cell phones, cordless phones, portable computers, fax
machines, and voice mail communications are required to use these methods in strict
compliance with the Confidentiality section of this Handbook. These communications
tools should not be used for communicating confidential or sensitive information or any

-- 14 of 19 --

trade secrets.
g. Access to the Internet, websites, and other types of Company-paid computer access
are to be used for Company-related business only. Any information about Company, its
products or services, or other types of information that will appear in the electronic
media about the Company must be approved before the information is placed on any
electronic information resource that is accessible to others.
4.9 Social Media Policy
Company is committed to utilizing social media to enhance its profile and reputation, to
listen and respond to customer opinions and feedback, and to drive revenue, loyalty and
advocacy. We encourage employees to support our activities through their personal social
networking channels while adhering to the guidelines outlined in this section.
For the purpose of this section, social media and networking refers to the use of
web-based and mobile applications for social interaction and the exchange of
user-generated content. Social media channels can include, but are not limited to:
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, blogs, review sites, forums, online communities
and any similar online platforms.
Employees are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner and to respect
the views and opinions of others. The Company and its employees are committed to
conducting ourselves in accordance with best industry practices in social networking,
to being responsible citizens and community members, to listening and responding to
feedback, and to communicating in a courteous and professional manner. Behavior and
content that may be deemed disrespectful, dishonest, offensive, harassing or damaging
to the company's interests or reputation are not permitted. The use of social media
channels on company time for personal purposes is not allowed.
Any social media contacts, including "followers" or "friends," that are acquired through
accounts (including but not limited to email addresses, blogs, Twitter, Facebook,
YouTube, LinkedIn, or other social media networks) created on behalf of the Company
will be the property of the Company.
Employees must not disclose private or confidential information about the Company, its
employees, clients, suppliers or customers on social networks. Employees must respect
trademarks, copyrights, intellectual property and proprietary information. No third-party
content should be published without prior permission from the owner.
The Company maintains the right to monitor company-related employee activity in social
networks. Violation of policy guidelines is grounds for discipline, up to and including
termination.
4.10 Cell Phone Policy
The use of personal cell phones at work is discouraged because it can interfere with work
and be disruptive to others. Therefore, employees who bring personal cell phones to work
are required to keep the ringer shut off or placed on vibrate mode when they are in the

-- 15 of 19 --

office, and to keep cell phone use confined to breaks and meal periods. Conversations
should be had away from areas where other employees are working. When cell phone use
interferes with the satisfactory performance of an employee's duties or disturbs others, the
privilege of using a personal cell phone at work may be taken away and other disciplinary
action, up to and including termination, may be imposed.
The Company may provide cell phone allowances to employees in certain positions in an
effort to improve efficiency and effectiveness. When cell phones are used for Company
business, employees must comply with all Company policies governing conduct,
including our policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment, and violence in the
workplace. When using the cell phone in a public place, please remember to maintain the
confidentiality of any private or confidential business information. As a courtesy to
others, please shut cell phones off or place them on vibrate mode during meetings.
Section 5
Employee Benefits and Services
5.1 General
The Company provides insurance programs as mandated by state and federal regulations
for all employees. From time to time, benefits may be added or deleted from the benefits
package. The Company reserves the right to make such changes.
This Handbook does not contain the complete terms and/or conditions of any of the
Company's current benefit plans. It is intended only to provide general explanations. For
information regarding employee benefits and services, employees should contact the
Company Owner.
5.2 Workers' Compensation
All states have Workers' Compensation laws whose purpose is to promote the general
welfare of people by providing compensation for accidental injuries or death suffered in
the course of employment. These laws are designed to provide protection to workers
suffering occupational disabilities through accidents arising out of, and in the course of
employment. Noor Therapy Center carries Workers' Compensation Insurance for all
employees and pays the entire cost of the insurance program. An employee who suffers
an injury or illness in connection with the job is usually eligible to receive payment
through the insurance company for lost wages. In addition to disability payments,
necessary hospital, medical and surgical expenses are covered under Workers'
Compensation, with payments being made directly to the hospital or physician. Workers'
Compensation benefits to injured workers also include assistance to help qualified injured
employees return to suitable employment.
5.3 Social Security Benefits (FICA)
During your employment, you and the Company both contribute funds to the Federal
government to support the Social Security Program. This program is intended to provide
you with retirement benefit payments and medical coverage once you reach retirement
age.

-- 16 of 19 --

5.4 Unemployment Insurance
The company pays a state and federal tax to provide employees with unemployment
insurance coverage in the event they become unemployed through no fault of their own
or due to circumstances described by law. This insurance is administered by applicable
state agencies, who determine eligibility for benefits, the amount of benefits (if any), and
duration of benefits.
Section 6
Employee Leaves of Absence and Time Off
6.1 General
While regular attendance is crucial to maintain business operations, the Company
recognizes that, for a variety of reasons, employees may need time off from work. The
Company has available a number of types of leaves of absence. Some are governed by
law and others are discretionary. For all planned leaves, however, employees must submit
a request at least 14 days in advance; in case of emergencies, employees should submit
the request as soon as they become aware of the need for leave. All leaves must have the
approval of Company management. If, during a leave, an employee accepts another job,
engages in other employment or consulting outside of the Company, or applies for
unemployment insurance benefits, the employee may be considered to have voluntarily
resigned from employment with the Company.
All requests for a leave of absence will be considered in light of their effect on the
Company and its work requirements, as determined by Company management, which
reserves the right to approve or deny such requests in its sole discretion, unless otherwise
required by law. For disability-related leave requests, the Company will engage in an
interactive process with the employee to determine if a leave is the most appropriate
accommodation. The employee must provide a certification from his or her health care
provider to the Company to support a leave for medical reasons. Failure to provide the
required certification to the Company in a timely manner will result in delay or denial of
leave. If an employee requires an extension of leave, the employee must request such
extension and have it approved before the expiration of the currently approved leave.
While the Company will make a reasonable effort to return the employee to his or her
former position or a comparable position following an approved leave of absence, there is
no guarantee that the employee will be reinstated to his or her position, or any position,
except as required by law.
6.2 Parental Leave
Employees are eligible to take parental leave for the birth of their own child or during the
adoption and adjustment period. All employees, regardless of their time employed by the
Company are eligible for parental leave, up to 12 weeks, but will not be paid by the
company unless they have accumulated PTO and choose to use it concurrently during the
parental leave. Employees should notify Company with as much time as possible of their
request to take parental leave and should be no less than 30 days before the leave is

-- 17 of 19 --

scheduled to begin. If the employee has worked for the Company for less than 30 days.
then the employee is required to give as much time as possible. Employees who have
taken parental leave will be returned to their original position, at their same status, and
will incur no consequences for taking the leave.
6.3 Family and Medical Leave
Because of the Company's small size, we are not required to comply with the federal
Family and Medical Leave Act ("FMLA"), unless we grow to a size that implicates the
FMLA. However, we recognize that our employees may occasionally need to take unpaid
leave to care for a new child, to care for a seriously ill family member, to handle an
employee's own medical issues, or to handle issues relating to a family member's military
service, possibly including caring for a family member who is injured while serving in
the military.
If you anticipate that you might need time off to deal with family and medical issues,
please speak with your supervisor. We will seriously consider every request on a
case-by-case basis.
6.4 Workers' Compensation Leave
Any employee who is unable to work due to a work related injury or illness and who is
eligible for Workers' Compensation benefits will be provided an unpaid leave for the
period required. The first 12 weeks will be treated concurrently as a family and medical
leave under the federal Family Medical Leave Act ("FMLA") for employees eligible for
FMLA leave.
6.5 Jury Duty
U.S. citizens have a civic obligation to provide jury duty service when called.
The employee must bring in the jury duty notice as soon as it is received so that
appropriate arrangements can be made to cover his or her duties. Employees are required
to call in or report for work on those days or parts of days when their presence in court is
not required.
At-Will Employment Agreement and
Acknowledgement of Receipt of Employee Handbook
I acknowledge that I have been provided with a copy of the Noor Therapy Center
Employee Handbook, which contains important information on the Company's policies,
procedures and benefits, including the policies on Anti-Harassment/Discrimination,
Substance Use and Abuse and Confidentiality. I understand that I am responsible for
familiarizing myself with the policies in this handbook and agree to comply with all rules
applicable to me.
I understand and agree that the policies described in the handbook are intended as a guide
only and do not constitute a contract of employment. I specifically understand and agree

-- 18 of 19 --

that the employment relationship between the Company and me is at-will and can be
terminated by the Company or me at any time, with or without cause or notice.
Furthermore, the Company has the right to modify or alter my position, or impose any
form of discipline it deems appropriate at any time. Nothing in this handbook is intended
to modify the Company's policy of at-will employment. The at-will employment
relationship may not be modified except by a specific written agreement signed by me
and an authorized representative of the Company. This is the entire agreement between
the Company and me regarding this subject. All prior or contemporaneous inconsistent
agreements are superseded.
I understand that the Company reserves the right to make changes to its policies,
procedures or benefits at any time at its discretion. However, the at-will employment
agreement can be modified only in the manner specified above. I further understand that
the Company reserves the right to interpret its policies or to vary its procedures as it
deems necessary or appropriate.
I have received the Company Employee Handbook. I have read (or will read) and agree
to abide by the policies and procedures contained in the Handbook.
Signature: ___________________________________ Date: __________________

-- 19 of 19 --

